members of the household cavalry marched
through the town they're being honored
for serving in Afghanistan's Helmand
province and among the soldiers a
familiar face known to his comrades as
left tenant whales Malcolm Stewart
reports a proud moment for the newly
promoted lieutenant Hattie Wales at
Windsors company about axis morning as
Princess Anne presents him with his
active service medal his equally proud
father was there with many other
relatives of the soldiers who served in
Helmand province had it was in action
against the Taliban and had hoped to see
a full six-month service but had to be
withdrawn for the protection of other
men when America's Drudge Report broke a
secret of the British media had agreed
to keep dr. Prince had he was able to
march proudly to Windsor today for a
service of thanksgiving at the garrison
Church of Holy Trinity flags flying at
half-mast at the ballots there were a
reminder that trooper Brattleboro cabal
from the household Cavalry's D squadron
was killed by a landmine at the weekend
and before the marching troops reached
the church Prince William arrived at the
side door with a woman who may
eventually be his sister-in-law Chelsey
Davey while she took her seat inside
Prince Harry mingle for a while with
other soldiers they're glad to be back
but proud to have been there and
Princess Anne arrived with her husband
Rear Admiral Jim Lawrence like the
soldiers that they were cheered by the
crowd but there is a sense of anger the
prince had he had to be pulled out of
Afghanistan windsor and maidenhead
council have even passed a resolution to
that effect
we are extremely upset about the The
Drudge Report and the way in which they
broke the story internationally to such
a large number of people and compromised
the security of our men in Afghanistan
and then Prince Holly with his medal in
his pocket came out of the church with
Chelsea heading no doubt to a family
lunch it's likely that his unit will be
back in either Iraq or Afghanistan in a
year's time there's no doubt that Prince
Harry single or married would like to go
with them Malcolm Stewart London tonight
Windsor
okay on to some other days news in brief